## README file for lease_centroids directory ##

last updated: 20210127<br/>
contact: Sheila Saia (ssaia at ncsu dot edu)

All files in the directory were generated by the [ncdmf_tidy_lease_data_script.R](https://github.ncsu.edu/biosystemsanalyticslab/shellcast/blob/master/analysis/ncdmf_tidy_lease_data_script.R). See this R script for more details.

**NOTE:** Each .shp file is accompanied by several other files (e.g., .dpf, .prj, .shx, etc.). These files will have the same prefix (i.e., file descriptive name before the file extension) and to be downloaded together and stored together for the .shp file to functionp properly in any GIS program.

**lease_centroids_albers.shp** - This file represents the centroids of lease polygons represented in lease_bounds_albers.shp.

**lease_centroids_mock_albers.shp** - This file represents the lease data centroids (lease_centroids_albers.shp), but a mock lease was added for the making of the ShellCast How it Works video. This is lease_id = 123-abc.

**lease_centroids_db_wgs84.csv** - This file represents a tabular version of the shellfish lease centroids that was projected to lat/long (WGS 84). This file is required for making updates to the MySQL database tables so users can search for leases in ShellCast.

**lease_centroids_db_mock_wgs84.csv** - This file represents a tabular version of the shellfish lease centroids with the mock lease added that was projected to lat/long (WGS 84). This file is required for making updates to the MySQL database tables so users can search for leases in ShellCast.
